I thought we dodged it...
No time to waste here!
I'll finish this with my new jutsu!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
I see... So you have become a Sage...
mastering the same jutsu as Jiraiya Sensei.
Jiraiya... "Sensei"?
I also learned jutsu from Jiraiya.
He was once my master...
which would make us sibling disciples.
Sharing the same master,
you and I should be able to understand one another.
Our master desired peace.
Shut the hell up!
Such massive chakra... Did you teach him that, Pa?
No... I'm seeing it for the first time too.
He never showed that during our training.
What is Naruto-boy planning to do?
What is that jutsu?
What is it?
Naruto's chakra is forming into... Yes, almost like a shuriken.
Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken?!
Naruto!
All that...
you've done here...
Where's the "peace" in that?!
You're only looking at the tree, not the whole forest.
You don't know the true meaning of peace.
So let yourself be captured.
Your death will lead to peace.
I told you...to shut the hell up!
He threw it!
What?!
When did he learn to hurl chakra with such high rotation and density?!
This is the result of the other training I did!
It expanded!
Summoning Jutsu!
Deidara was right.
He does not listen.
What was that?
What's going on?
Who's fighting them?!
It's Naruto.
Naruto?!
Naruto is back?
Yes.
He has mastered Sage Jutsu and is now fighting Pain alone.
What?!
Damn this leg!
Please stay here.
Naruto has asked us not to interfere.
He's so full of himself!
Look what they did to this village!
There is no way he can take them on by himself... No.
If he's mastered Sage Jutsu, he's in a class of his own now.
Staying out of the way is the best teamwork we can offer for him.
Sit tight, Shikamaru.
Damn it!
What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here - unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, I run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
Someday... koete
Danger! Sage Mode Limit Reached
Please be careful!
The more you strike, the more it will divide in numbers!
Why didn't you tell me sooner?!
You see... I'm ungraceful...
Oww!
So how do we handle this?!
We must ungracefully endure it for now...
Chief...
You're slowing down.
It seems your Sage Jutsu power is decreasing.
Did you use up your Sage Jutsu Chakra with that last jutsu?
Oh no... I'm about to lose Sage Mode!
I have to bring this guy down before Sage Mode runs out!
Ma, you know what to do!
We're going to break the Rinnegan link!
Got it, Pa!
Bunta-boy!
Boss!
Listen up.
I'm going to hurl you straight at Naruto-boy!
Hurl...me? But why, Boss?
Listen carefully to what I'm about to tell you.
Ready, Pa?
Sage Art!
Wind Style: Sand Dust!
Where is he?!
Rasengan Barrage!
Inside its mouth?!
You've exhausted your Sage Jutsu.
Even in Sage Mode, two Rasen Shuriken are my limit.
Pa! The boy's no longer in Sage Mode!
I know that!
It's risky, but we must merge with him now!
Except we can't...
Now is my chance.
What?!
You mean we can't merge with him because of that Nine-Tails?!
It seems that way.
Then what are we to do?!
Naruto-boy came up with his own unique solution.
That's what he's about to do!
You little scamp!
Why you... Damn it!
Damn!
This way, Naruto-boy!
Hand it over! I'll do it!
Bring it on!
Stay back, kid! I'll get him!
I'm going to enter Sage Mode!
What?!
Get back, Chief!
I don't want you guys to get caught in my Rasen Shuriken!
Acting all tough now...
I can replenish Sage Chakra two more times.
That means I have four more tries with my Rasen Shuriken!
I have to settle this within that time.
Let's do it, Naruto-boy!
Reverse Summoning Jutsu!
It's been summoned!
Now release your jutsu!
What?
What's going on?
It's simple.
Naruto-boy prepared his Shadow Clones beforehand,
and had them build up Sage Jutsu Chakra while standing by.
Then he can summon them through the scroll anytime
from Mount Myoboku.
Once summoned, he would undo the Shadow Clone
and the Sage Jutsu Chakra is restored to the original.
I see. That is a way indeed!
All right! You're mine!
Wh-What is this?!
That's right.
This is the one that absorbs ninjutsu.
But I thought we already took care of him.
What is that?
It seems that Pain is the key player.
The one Geezer Sage spoke of...
The one who can resurrect the dead?
He must be the Pain who possesses that power.
That is why when they lined up in formation...
that Pain stepped back to take the rearmost position of the troop.
And the most troublesome Pain is the one on the left.
He can repel all jutsu and attacks, and pull things toward him.
He hasn't shown his powers yet, which is suspicious.
Perhaps, for some reason,
he's not able to utilize his powers yet.
Either way... We have to get rid of the guy in the back!
Along with some Smoke Bombs!
All right!
It's useless.
What you absorbed was a Transformation Jutsu!
Bastard!
You're the original?!
You can't dodge this!
This time, I got you for sure!
My power has finally returned.
He repelled the kid's Rasen Shuriken!
It's not over yet!
Sage Jutsu!
Rasengan Barrage!
What?!
All right!
Way to go, kid!
Two more left!
But...what did that kid just do?
Back there, the first Rasen Shuriken
was a transformation by Naruto-boy himself.
That Pain was unaware of that and tried to absorb that jutsu.
I get it. So that's why Naruto appeared.
Pain can only absorb ninjutsu.
So he took a direct hit when Naruto tackled him.
I see... The three-stage attack was for that purpose.
Back there...
He had already slipped into the smoke and jumped up above.
Just barely in time...
Almighty Push!
Are you all right, Naruto-boy?!
Yeah...
Damn it! What was that jutsu just now?!
It seems the core Pain's power has returned.
You mean, him?
No doubt he used the same jutsu to blow up the village.
The more power he uses,
the longer the interval before he can use the next jutsu.
So that's why he couldn't use that repelling jutsu until just now.
What are my options?
Ninjutsu and taijutsu won't work.
Choji brought us information.
The minimum interval between Pain's jutsu is about five seconds.
You must target and strike during that interval.
Only five seconds?
You'll have to trap him with genjutsu.
But how?! I suck at genjutsu!
We'll do it!
Just like before.
Just like before?
Yes. During the battle between Jiraiya-boy and Pain,
that was our means of escape.
There's nowhere for you to escape now!
Almighty Push...
Chief Toad!
Damn it!
This is the farthest Pain has ever been pushed.
But rest assured.
You will not be killed.
You are a precious Jinchuriki.
Indeed, Sage Mode is trouble.
But this way, you are helpless.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Nine-Tails, Captured!"
I'm losing...power...
It's hard to believe Manda has passed away.
I never liked that guy even up until the very end.
I remember people used to call us "The Three-Way Deadlock."
Maybe I will miss him a little... "Three-way Deadlock"?
That literally means that frogs fear snakes,
snakes fear slugs, and slugs fear frogs.
Wait?! That makes our current situation...
Pops, toss me some good escargot, will ya?
Escargot?!
I'll try... But I am ungraceful, you see.
Yikes!
O-Oh no! I just remembered some urgent business. I must be going...
H-H-Help!
What's with her?
I don't know... I'm ungraceful, you see.
Tune in again